Add OpenTicket backup instructions to update procedure (#3838)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.04/update/update-centreon-platform.md

- central server,
- database server.

> If you use OpenTicket with custom configurations, you should make a backup before updating Centreon:

Author: ```suggestion
If you use Open Ticket with custom configurations, you should make a backup before updating Centreon:
```

> If you use Open Ticket with custom configurations, you should make a backup before updating Centreon:
> 
> * Make a backup of these folders: **/usr/share/centreon/www/modules/centreon-open-tickets** and **/usr/share/centreon/www/widgets/open-tickets**
> * After updating, copy paste the backup **register.php** file(s) to **/usr/share/centreon/www/modules/centreon-open-tickets/providers/**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Open Ticket providers with custom configurations, [make a backup of these before updating Centreon](../alerts-notifications/ticketing-install.md#creating-a-backup-of-your-custom-open-ticket-provider-configurations).
```
